Add `wb_supervisor_node_get_pose` function (#2932)
cyberbotics/webots: docs/reference/changelog-r2021.md

    - Altered the collision detection logic for [Robot.selfCollision](robot.md) to ignore chains of joints if the intermediary joints all share the same `anchor` point ([#2868](https://github.com/cyberbotics/webots/pull/2868)).
    - Added conversion from PROTO to URDF from the Webots command line ([#2885](https://github.com/cyberbotics/webots/pull/2885)).
    - Added flag to [RobotisOp2](../guide/robotis-op2.md) that enables the modeling of backlash in the robot ([#2881](https://github.com/cyberbotics/webots/pull/2881)).

>     - Added the `wb_supervisor_node_get_pose` function that retrives an absolute pose or a pose between two nodes ([#2932](https://github.com/cyberbotics/webots/pull/2932)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Added the `wb_supervisor_node_get_pose` function that retrieves an absolute or relative pose. Relative pose is expressed in the coordinate system of another node specified as an argument ([#2932](https://github.com/cyberbotics/webots/pull/2932)).
```
